Ah mom
After you are online
You must wait for me to avenge you.
Reviving me has no effect
By the way, brother
The Ouyang family's property has been transferred
What do you mean transferred?
After the accident at Brother Ouyang's house
Sister-in-law doesn't want the Ouyang family to collapse
In a hurry, it was transferred to Fang Shiqiang of the Fang family
Transferred to Fang Shiqiang
It's that bastard
Don't owe me rape that
Why do you still have contact with him after so many years of business?
Brother, don't be angry.
These years
Fang Shiqiang has also helped our Ouyang family somewhat
Sister-in-law is also forced
It was too urgent.
There is a charity gala tomorrow.
Fang Shiqiang will also go
Let's go and have a look then.
Brother has something to do
go out
What are the orders of the owner?
Five years ago, I was accused of raping a woman.
Because of this
The Ouyang family has prepared countless infamy in Nancheng
This thing
Be sure to investigate it for me.
Wait a minute to investigate another person
His name is Fang Shiqiao
Yes